nest of common linnets in the garden
is
here you see a nest built on top of
a trellis that was in the area more
frequented from the garden because we
we were usually below the
trellis in the shelter of the sun
here you see a chick outside the nest
Well, maybe I'm not so good
and the parents when they are out of the nest
many times they watch from above
so we realized that it could be a
match
enough actions
We were not sure of the age
but he looks like an adult
and that is a jerk watch the tail
one
and the party also flies like
vitamins the minimums below
we discussed if it could be a red color
which like the Linnet flies a
little by little
here you see some nest boxes for
insectivores distributed by the rest
of the garden
here you see the female opening her beak
because that day was very hot
and one of the differences between the holy
reds and the linnet in the absence of the
red cop is much darker is that the
hallway usually makes the kilos to lower
height
usually done almost level with the ground in
some bushes
with that missed them at first that
out a toothpick
parents usually watched from
the rooftop
here we see a chick outside the nest
and josh from the hies the bower
very hollow and it's dangerous for them
can be dropped by any of the
holes and this is what happened a chick
finally it fell and we were
because right next to it he remained immobile
subject to one of the stems of the vine and
We opted to leave him he did not know how to fly but
as soon as we approached he ran away and
he hid among some flower boxes and
it was impossible to catch them
now
he came back
and all he got was to hide
in us the mother is watching is
seeing everything
goodbye
this has been all
I hope you liked it